
/edited, May 09 2005/

HOW TO RUN VEHICLES IN LEVEL-2 MODE
------------------------------------------------

Note: Level 2 means that all vehicles are run in simulation on one
machine. Each simulated vehicle has its own set of MOOS
processes. Typically there is an additional MOOS community that
supports a rendering of vehicle positions.

All commands described below are expected to be typed in the "level2"
directory.  Typically the linux environment is maintained by the user
to have the below executables in his/her path. The files given as
arguments must be in the current directory, or given with a relative
or absolute path name.

In missions/level2/ there is one .moos file for each virtual
platform. The numbers 200, 201 etc are the vehicle ID's. They
correspond to the IP address of the kayak in level-0 mode, i.e.,
192.168.1.200 etc.

A difference between pHelm and pHelmIvP is that pHelmIvP can take a
second argument in addition to the .moos file, which is the
behavior-set file, or .bhv file. Alternatively, the .bhv file can be
specified in the .moos file in the pHelmIvP configuration block.  But
to avoid having a proliferation of .moos files that only differ in the
.bhv file in this block, the .bhv file can be given as a 2nd argument
to pHelmIvP as described. If the argument is given *and* a .bhv file
is specified in the .moos file, the command line argument overrides.

A simple behavior-set file, e.g. T200.bhv, is given for each platform
that will make the vehicle traverse a simple set of waypoints. Feel free
to swap in your own .bhv files. Create new .moos files in this directory
only if you plan to run a different set of processes with different 
configurations.


Step 1:

  a) Go to the src/missions/viewer/ directory.
  b) "pAntler lviewer.moos"
     This should start up a launch a window titled "Marine-Viewer".
   *note: if you were running in level0 or level1, the choice of the
          viewerXYZ.moos file would be important, but since everything
          runs on localhost in level2, "lviewer.moos" for "local" 
          viewer is what you want.
Step 2:
  (usually in a separate virtual window)
  a) "pAntler K200.moos"
  b) 'pHelmIvP K200.moos ../behavior-sets/T200.bhv"
  c) In iRemote, type 'o' followed by 'y' to kick hand over
     control to pHelmIvP. You should see the vehicle being
     rendered in the viewer window now.

Step 3:
  (usually in a separate virtual window)
  a) "pAntler K201.moos"
  b) "pHelmIvP K201.moos ../behavior-sets/T201.bhv"
  c) In iRemote, type 'o' followed by 'y' to kick hand over
     control to pHelmIvP. You should see the vehicle being
     rendered in the viewer window now.

Repeat as necessary for additional vehicles.

